Over this module you learned a lot about the react native basics, you learned how to react native app
is created, how you can eject it and how you can run it on both real iOS or Android devices or their
respective simulators as we do here.
You learned how to use the basic components like this text input, a button, how to create lists and use images,
how to use a modal on the image and also well close that or manage your state with it and how to do
that to work and look nice on both Android and iOS,
though we haven't had a too close look at styling yet,
we'll do this later in the course.
The basics should be set,
now you should have a feeling for how you approach react native apps.
You also probably saw that it's not like ionic or anything like that if you worked with that,
you don't have the full suite of pre-styled components you throw in, you have some basic building
blocks
just like on the web
and then it's up to you to apply styling and to make sure that the app looks and feels the way you want
to look and feel
but more of that again in the styling section.
Now I want to move on and I want to move on into a field that's extremely important too, how you may use
redux in your react native app because obviously redux is important in many react apps and it's no
different for react native.
So let's have a look at this in the next course module.